Paintimator Requirement Document:

Back End:
  1) Paintimator will utilize FFMPEG for the creation of animations from image files,
    which will be generated by the user.
  2) Paintimator will utilize {VLC, MPlayer} for the playback of created animations.
  
Target User Group:
  Paintimator will target U.S. Elementary School aged children.
  
Overview of functionality (goals):
  Paintimator will allow the user to create simplistic images (think: MS Paint) and add them into an array of
  'frames', which can then be converted into an animation using FFMPEG. The user then will have the ability
  to play the animation using {VLC, MPlayer} by simply pressing a 'play' button that will become active after
  frames have been added to the frames list. Upon pressing play, the program will convert each frame into an image
  (jpeg) and, using FFMPEG, will compile the list of images into an animation, which will be played using the
  media player.
  
Description of Interface:
  Paintimator will initiate as a typical Java Swing 'window' with a preferred size of {500 x 500}. The majority of
  the window will consist of the canvas on which the user will draw. There will be a panel on the {left, right}
  side of the window (that is always visible) comprised of the different tools the user will use to draw on the
  canvas (the "tool bar"). The {top, bottom} of the window will have a panel for the list of frames, along with the
  controls for adding frames based on the current canvas, and the creation and playback of the animations.

  List of Tasks:
  
    1) Allow the user to draw a line on the canvas*
    2) Allow the user to free-draw (pen tool) on the canvas*
    3) Allow the user to add a text bow to the canvas*
    4) Allow the user to add a shape to the canvas*
      a) User selects between a circle, triangle or rectangle
    5) Allow the user to add the contents of the canvas (the picture) to the list of frames
    6) Allow the user to click on any frame in the list to re-edit the image
    7) Allow the user to play back the generated animation using {VLC, MPlayer}

        * Upon selection of tool, the user will be given option to set the line width, color, etc.
